Inclusive education
	Inclusive education means that all students are welcomed to come to school in regular classes. Every student are supported to learn and participate in the different activities that happens in school. It is said that education is a child’s right, not a privilege. Through inclusive education, children who have disabilities and special cases are welcome to come to school.
	Inclusive education helps every person change their perspective about another. It helps people understand people with disabilities. It helps people help to feel that they are part of the community. Having people feel they are part of the community and having them understand each other, it helps lessen discrimination, harassment and bullying happening. It gives opportunity to people to gain connections with others.
	Saint Louis University is considered flexible enough in terms of handling people with disabilities. The school have institutes located at Saint Louis University Navy Base Campus. There are also programs provided for the people who have unique learning needs.

Gender Equality
	Gender equality is where both men and women share the same right and opportunities in different sections of society like economics, academics and decision making. It is also where both men and women are accepted not because of their sex but because of their behaviour and aspirations. To simply put it, men and women are equally valued and respected.
	The school has no specific programs focusing on gender equality but the school practices equality by not stopping a student from enrolling a course just because of their gender. All services that the school offers, caters to both men and women where in that sense, gender equality is already promoted. As a catholic school, the school has already adjusted in terms of the LGBT community. The school doesn’t stop the students in expressing their selves as long as no rules are broken. 

Substance abuse prevention
	Substance abuse prevention is the action of preventing the use of drugs or limiting the use of drugs by people. 
	Every year the school conduct talks focusing on the anti-drug campaign where speakers from PDEA are invited. The effects, abuse and misuse of drug are discussed during these talks and why it should be prevented. The guidance office conducts individual counselling to students who have experience this issue. Therapy session are conducted to helps student that wants to stop the use of drugs.      

